2020 we are seeing a lot of really cool
devices that are slated for a release so
I thought I'd make a quick video talking
about the stuff I'm most interested in
and I guess why so the big one more
folding phones but this time instead of
these first-generation ones we're seeing
these other implementations so first we
have that razor foldable phone that's
going to be officially available for
purchase at the end of January but way
more interesting to me is the idea of
that Samsung clamshell foldable so they
showed the technology a couple months
ago but they're supposed to be releasing
their version of a clamshell foldable
phone at MWC in February and the reason
why I'm more interested in that phone
than say something like the traditional
Galaxy fold is that I've played with the
big fold like the big boy
$2,000 galaxy fold and it's a really
cool device in your hand to look at and
to play with but just functionally as a
phone that you would actually use as a
regular person to like fit in your
pocket that thing is huge I don't feel
like the usability is a good fit for me
I just prefer a smaller phone that
unfolds into a larger screen device
instead of a large phone that unfolds
into an even larger device but also that
Samsung clamshell is supposed to be
coming out at around an 800 900 dollar
price point which is way more affordable
than the $2,000 big boy galaxy fold and
if you think about like just adoption
that sounds like it'll move the needle
for adoption of foldable phones the
other thing I'm interested is the S 11
so the S 10 this year was a very well
received phone but the S 11 looks
stacked like way more than I thought
would be and it's supposed to come out
of March we're gonna see stuff like 120
Hertz screens if 5,000 milliamp hour
battery 108 megapixel camera a
snapdragon 865 like this thing is gonna
be loaded however there's supposedly no
headphone jacks so I mean we're gonna
miss that but this is why I'm interested
in the S 11 for the past couple of years
Samsung's camera has been better than
what Apple has offered on their phones
IV iPhones and I feel like Apple finally
caught up with the iPhone 11 this year
I'm really curious to see what Samsung
does especially with that kind of
hardware now I don't know how I feel
about the cluster of cameras that we're
seeing on the back of all the renders if
those renders are accurate
and the s11 does look like this I mean
it won't be my favorite design aesthetic
but maybe I'll get used to it I think
it's just it's become a thing ever since
we've seen like a few big flagship
phones with a group of lenses in the
back and now it's a thing other stuff
I'm interested in cameras so there's two
kind of production cameras I'm
interested in first is that new Canon
camera the 1dx mark 3 but the big one
for me the thing that I'm like most
stoked about is the new red camera
that's coming out it's the red Komodo
and it's like this cube body that's
smaller lighter higher res and cheaper
than the current red camera they're
shoot off of so I'm pretty excited for
that I hope it's not crazy expensive
because I really want to pick one up and
then later on in the spring maybe even
the summer we're gonna see new laptop
GPUs from Nvidia so these gonna be like
the r-tx super laptop GPUs you're not
gonna see massive performance gains at
the top end but it's more important at
the bottom end like this year alone we
saw some really great performance and
like the $900 price point for gaming
laptops and a bump up in performance at
that price point is gonna be really nice
we should be able to see some very high
performing laptops at the eight hundred
nine hundred dollar price range okay the
thing that I'm most interested in though
for 2020 the upcoming iPhones like this
year's iPhones were really good but just
not attractive enough to me to purchase
one for personal use so they're supposed
to come up with five iPhones next year
so the first one's gonna be the iPhone
se 2 or whatever they want to call it
it's supposed to look very similar to
the iPhone 6 all the way through iPhone
8 like that kind of old-school look but
it's been updated with new internals and
a relatively inexpensive price and then
in the fall they're slated to release
their full lineup of the four new
iPhones so iPhone 12 or 11s whatever
they end up calling it it's supposed to
be a new design with bigger screens and
smaller bezels and support for 5g it's
just new hardware and it's something
I've been looking forward to which is
why I haven't purchased a new iPhone for
myself in the past two years I've been
waiting for that bigger change and
that's what next year offers but that's
the stuff I'm looking forward to in 2020
what about you what are you most
interested in for next year hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time